Add event entities to Folder watcher (#32611)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/folder_watcher.markdown

ha_config_flow: true
ha_release: 0.67
ha_quality_scale: internal
ha_platforms:
  - event
ha_domain: folder_watcher
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Folder watcher** {% term integration %} adds [Watchdog](https://pythonhosted.org/watchdog/) file system monitoring.

> It creates Event entities for these monitored event types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates event entities for these monitored event types:
```

Pattern matching using [fnmatch](https://docs.python.org/3.6/library/fnmatch.html) can be used to limit filesystem monitoring to only files which match the configured patterns.
As example to monitor specific file, as example YAML and text-files add `*.yaml` and `*.txt`.

## Entities

This integration will besides the events also create `event` entities for the respective events that can happen.

> These entities can be used for automations instead of using the respective event.

Reviewer 2: I think we should make this the main focus for the documentation (and not the old style events, which we can just fully remove from the docs IMHO).

Author: Modified accordingly. Hope that fits so it's understandable.

- `dest_file`: The name of the moved file (e.g. "world.txt")
- `dest_folder`: The folder moved path (e.g. "/hello")

> Automations can be triggered on filesystem events data using a template. The following automation will send a notification with the name and folder of new files added to that folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automations can be triggered on file system events data using a template. The following automation will send a notification with the name and folder of new files added to that folder:
```
